[Optimize] 更新自定义引擎文档 (#1700)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/advanced-topics/engine-customization.md

npm install -g gulp
# Install dependent modules
npm install

> # 编译一些数据，包括 debug infos 和 .d.ts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Compile some data, including `debug infos` and `.d.ts`

gulp build
```

> **Note**: the gulp build tool is required to generate debug infos.

### 1.4 Make changes and compile

> Restarting the editor after the changes are complete recompiles the engine. The first entry takes longer to compile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restarting the editor after the changes are complete recompiles the engine. The first relaunch takes longer to compile.
```

> Next, if you have changed the engine, you can manually compile it by clicking **Developer -> Build Engine** in the menu bar of the Cocos Creator editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, if the engine has been changed, it can be manually compiled by clicking **Developer -> Build Engine** in the menu bar of the Cocos Creator editor.
```

npm install -g gulp
# Install dependent modules
npm install

> # Compile some data, including `debug infos` and `.d.ts`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Compile some data, including 'debug infos' and '.d.ts'
```
